---
layout: post
title: "Services"
date: 2015-08-05 03:32:44
image: '/assets/img/'
description: 'First steps to use this template'
tags:
- philosophy
- approach
categories:
- menud
twitter_text: 'How to install and use this template'
---

# Services Offered

<div class="post-prim">

<div style="margin-bottom:33px;" id="services" class="col-sm-12 col-md-12 col-lg-12"></div>

<h4>Wendy's extensive abilities provide her with the skills to conduct medical intuitive body scans, integrative psychotherapy, energy healing, soul retrieval and energy medicine, and Shamanic studies sessions to improve your physical, mental and spiritual health.</h4>

<div class='divider col-xs-12 col-md-12 col-lg-12'>
    <span class="icom-logo-fleur"></span>
</div>

<h3>Medical Intuitive Body Scan</h3>
Wendy can intuitively see into your body, much like a CT scan, to identify and address physical health concerns including chronic conditions often undiagnosed by conventional methods. This is a ninety minute session of viewing and assessing health concerns and strengths including a head-to-toe mental scan of your body.


<h3>Integrative Psychotherapy</h3>
This is holistic therapy for your mind, body, and spirit. Integrative psychotherapy focuses on creating an interactive decision-making process for all aspects of a person's wellness. This therapy creates a template for making growth-challenging decisions that best benefit the wellness of a person's whole being.


<h3>Energy Healing</h3>
Wendy provides energy healing sessions, drawing from the disciplines of Reiki, energy balancing, personal totem pole process, craniosacral, accupressure and zero balancing. She will often use guided imagery to help improve the energy flow, or chi, creating wellness and an improved sense of well-being. Areas of tension and chakras that hold energy are released, and energy flow is improved.


<h3>Soul Retrieval</h3>
Many times parts of us are lost through traumatic events, in this time or others. Wendy can help you work to heal; she is also comfortable working with entities or spiritual issues that need resolution.


<h3>Shamanic Studies</h3>
Do you have a sincere interest in the understanding and practice of Shamanic Healing? Wendy is currently taking on new students in a one-on-one program that focuses on the following:

    
<div style="padding:0 15% 0 15%" class="col-xs-12 col-sm-12 col-md-12 col-lg-12">
    <ul>
    <li>Clearing any blockages that may impede the following of your path toward your specific physical, mental or spiritual destination</li>
    <li>Exploring your role as a healer and future Shaministic worker (light worker)</li>
    <li>Defining your path and learning the tools needed to follow that path</li>
    <li>Assisting in the transition toward that goal while staying in the right relation to the Earth and all her beings.</li>
    </ul>
</div>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

<div class='divider divider-down col-xs-12 col-md-12 col-lg-12'><span class="icom-logo-fleur"></span></div>
</div><!-- prim -->

<div class="post-prim">
&nbsp;
</div>
&nbsp;
